My name is Jimmy for those of you who do not know me I get to be one of the pastors here and just get to hang out with you guys tonight but before we get into worshiping and
and finishing up the evening and preparing for to do those things. We just wanted to take a few minutes and by a few minutes I mean a few because somebody told me I can go
Go very long. I had to really keep this thing pretty short.
But if you've been following along, we are in part four of "Unto Us."
And we've really been digging into Isaiah 9:6 and really going through the names of
over our expected savior.
And in week one,
Chris
Really dove deep into wonderful counselor.
and then a couple weeks ago, ah, carlo.
Really taught the
Mighty God and just how that
And then just a few days ago, Kim,
was was
Just leaning into everlasting father and un-
packing those things. And as I was looking and preparing for this message, I was
We all know what's next. Prince of Peace, right?
And they're like, hey, Jimmy, teach Prince of Peace
And I don't know if you know me or not, but I'm not a very peaceful
that's not what i do that's not how i engage.
This is
Fact,
Huh?
Ah, Prince of Peace.
And then as I started to unpack it, I realized these things that I
The message
that I want to give to you I'm not
The message I'm teaching tonight is to me.
While you hear these words,
I'm talking
To the man in the mirror.
As we reconcile those things.
As we look at what the Prince of Peace.
does for us.
a few years ago my life was in utter chaos.
It didn't matter where I turned.
It seemed like it was work.
Or home
or just anywhere the news
All these things, I just felt this heavy burden.
On my heart when I went to sleep at night.
and as i woke up the next morning it was still there.
This heaviness.
This weight
Perhaps,
You can...
understand what I'm going through.
Maybe you have been there. Maybe you are there.
Because I'll tell you, I'm still there some days.
This is just something that just goes away.
But again, ask myself, what does?
What does peace mean?
This meaning really
look like.
And more importantly, how
How do I find it?
What does it look like and how do I find this peace?
Look around us. We live in a world.
We're peace.
Feels elusive.
Please.
Nations are at odds.
Families are divided.
Even our hearts are restless.
Whether it's the pressures of work,
Relationships, maybe financial struggles.
Or the weight of everything else that is going on around us.
We feel like we're constantly striving
For peace, but never quite able to attain it.
And let's be honest.
with ourselves tonight.
We often
Mistake piece
For the absence of conflict,
Or think it's something
we can manufacture.
It's a peace that we can make.
that we can find peace in our successes.
Or in our ability to control things.
Or maybe we try to escape.
But deep down,
We realize that these moments,
Those times we do that.
It's temporary.
We're looking for that.
Soul
Changing
Peace that is deep,
Within us
There's something entirely different.
Than those things
In which we seek.
The good news here, friends.
Is that God
It offers us a peace message.
That transcends our understanding.
A profound peace.
That surpasses all
Human,
Comprehension and logic.
The peace is not tied to the ups and downs of our lives.
Our circumstances,
But is deeply rooted in the unchanging character
of
God.
It's in his nature.
It's in his promises and in his ah, in Isaiah's prophetic words,
In nine six
We see this remarkable gift,
Of peace.
That is given to us through Jesus Christ.
The Prince of Peace.
For unto us,
A child,
is born to us. A son
is given to us. The government will rest on his shoulders.
And he will be called.
Wonderful counselor.
Mighty God.
Everlasting father.
Prince.
Of peace.
This verse
Captures the very essence
of Jesus' identity.
And his mission.
His title as a prince of peace is significant because it shows.
That peace
Is intrinsic to who he is.
It's not merely a gift that he provides.
But a fundamental part of his nature.
When Jesus entered the world, he brought the promise of reconciliation between God,
And humanity.
Sin,
Had created a divide.
But through Jesus' life,
His sacrificial death,
And triumphant resurrection
You made a way for us.
To be at peace with God.
The Apostle Paul explains it.
This way very beautifully.
Therefore, since.
We have been made right.
In God's sight by faith we have peace.
with God because of what Jesus Christ
Our Lord has done for us. And he wrote this,
As he was writing the letter to the church in rome
The peace with God is the cornerstone.
For all other forms of peace in our life.
It brings security and wholeness.
To our relationship with him.
It calms our fears.
Heals our brokenness and offers us hope in the midst
Of life's uncertainties.
Jesus further emphasizes this gift
and reassures his disciples, and we see it.
like this in John 14:27.
He says, I am leaving you with a gift of
Peace of mind and heart.
And the peace I give is the gift
The world cannot give.
So don't be troubled
Or afraid here Jesus highlights the distinction between his peace
And the fleeting peace.
That the world offers.
The world's peace is often situational.
It's dependent on favorable conditions.
External achievements
Or temporary resolutions.
In contrast,
The peace of Christ is eternal.
And unshakable.
Let me say that again. The peace.
Christ is eternal.
An un
Shakeable.
It doesn't depend on the absence of hardship, but the presence of his spirit.
in our lives.
His peace anchors us.
Guiding and sustaining us through life storms. And that's our big idea tonight.
Peace is not about the absence of storms, but the presence of Jesus.
Peace is not about.
The absence of storms.
But the presence of Jesus. Friends, we're all going to be in a storm.
There's nowhere in here that says we
will not go through any trials or tribulations. In fact, it does say,
We will.
We see a time and time again
Right there.
So what?
Do we do with that? How?
Does this help?
Us!
How can we experience
The Prince of Peace in our lives.
I think the first thing that we have to do
It's surrender.
True peace comes when we stop striving to control everything.
I think we have to entrust our lives
to Jesus.
The Philippians
Four, six and seven.
Paul reminds us this:
Don't worry about anything.
Instead, pray about everything
Tell God what you need and thank him
For all he has done,
Then you'll experience
Gods,
Peace.
Which exceeds anything we can understand.
his peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in christ.
Jesus.
Bring your worries
Bring your fears
Bring your burdens to him in prayer
Fully trust.
That he is faithful
To carry them
And you.
As you surrender, you will find his peace.
Begins to take root
In your heart.
The second thing we have to do, friends,
We have
To fix our eyes
on
Him.
in Isaiah 26:3
He says this, he offers this beautiful promise to us.
You will keep in perfect
Peace.
All who trust in you.
All whose thoughts are fixed on you when we focus on Jesus.
Through his word, through worship,
Through daily communion with him
We are reminded of who he is.
And what he has done for us.
His presence,
Has the power,
To quiet our restless hearts.
Finally,
We have
To live,
out his peace.
In our relationships,
right as followers of the prince of peace.
We're called to be peacemakers.
If you're like me, that's a difficult thing to do
We're called to do that.
We see it in Matthew.
Jesus' own word said,
This.
in matthew five nine he said god blesses those who work for peace
For they will be called
The children of God.
This means extending grace
Forgiveness and love to others.
Even when it's difficult.
It means being agents.
Of reconciliation.
In a world that desperately needs healing.
When we live our lives this way, we not only reflect
Jesus' character.
But we also experience.
His peace in a deeper way.
For him to imagine
What the world would look like if we all embraced.
The Prince of Peace,
In that way.
What if we stop chasing after the world's version?
Of peace and instead rested
In the unshakable peace,
that Jesus offers.
What if we rested?
in that? What if we became peacemakers?
In our families,
In our communities,
And beyond.
I believe that the world would see something radically,
Different.
A peace that does not make sense by any.
Human standards.
Doesn't make sense by any human standards, but
Points directly
And unmistakably to the love of god.
Friends, I don't know where you're
But if you're like me,
There's some things that
That are tough to do
Especially when we look at this.
In this manner
When we see these things.
I don't know what things you're wrestling with
I don't know
Who you need to forgive.
I don't know where you need to extend grace.
But I know this.
If we do those things, if we live out those things,
And we commit to those things
With our whole hearts.
We.
Can experience.
That peace
We.
Can have
That peace.
There are many things
About this passage in the Prince of Peace,
That we could go.
we could talk about tonight.
But we're not going to do that.
This is what I think.
we need to look at.
It's that piece.
It's wrestling with that in our hearts.
It's surrendering to him.
It's fixing our eyes on him.
And it's being peacemakers.
Pray with me.
Lord Jesus, Prince of Peace, we come before you.
Today acknowledging our need for your peace.
In a world that feels so restless
Help us to find our rest in you.
Teach us to surrender our fears and anxieties.
To trust in your goodness
And to walk
As your peacemakers.
Fill our hearts with your peace that surpasses understanding.
And use us.
To bring your light
And love to the world
It is in Jesus' powerful name that I pray.
Amen.